---
title: "Dota Hero Lines"
layout: archive
categories:
  - Video Games
tags:
  - Dota 2
---
## Lone Druid

Sylla's lifelong companion is symbiotic with his spirit and heart, coming to aid him in any time of need.

Sylla is emboldened by the presence of his companion, his vitality replenished with each swipe of the Spirit Bear's claws

Sylla studies and masters the arts of the lost Bear Clan, enhancing his attunement with the wild.

The mighty bear is the king of the forest, possessing the throne through raw power.

## Kez

As former followers of the Shodo, the leaders of the Kazurai Order can switch effortlessly between twin disciplines of martial mastery over sai and blade.

Kez and his master Kraw have worked tirelessly to train the Kazurai new ways to keep the flyers off balance by improving upon ancient techniques.

An ancient Shodo technique used to hunt faster aerial foes, stealing the advantage and delivering multiple attacks within a single flap of their prey's panicking wings.

The Kazurai have the speed and reach to drag even the highest flyers from the skies.

The Shodo learned to rely upon distance and disorientation to survive against much stronger opposition.

To fight back against the reach of Imperia and her Queensguard, the Kazurai had to become skilled in the ways of attrition.

The Shodo may have lost their way, but Kez and the Kazurai can still use Shodo knowledge for the good of the people.

Unleash the inner fury of the Flightless to feast on the essence of your foes.

Eying either threat or opportunity, Shodo masters slip instantly into shadow to reset the terms of any engagement in their own favor.

## Naga Siren

Slithice, while being strong in her own right, is notoriously hard to track down.

The only way to escape the onslaught of a Slithereen is to never oppose one in the first place.

Even the youngest Slithereen are well schooled in trawling for prey with nothing but their wits and nets.

A torrent from the Deep Ones crushes the defenses of the Siren's enemies.

There's no use trying to run through deep water.

Slithice's powerful voice enchants leagues of opponents, while calling her Slithereen kin in a time of need.

## Meepo

Catching dinner in the Riftshadow Ruins can be quite the task.

Sometimes breaking one of the Riftshadow Crystals can be just the trick for getting yourself out of a bind. Or your other self.

So you gonna need that, or...?

I'm diggin' here!

Hi, Meepos!

## Morphling

A torrential flood takes enemies by force.

The Morphling calls upon his elements to crush his opponents with waves.

Shifting water makes it difficult to discern the nature of Morphling.

Staring into Morphling produces a reflection that mimics the beholder.